hi welcome to Dedes Mediterranean
kitchen today I'm going to teach you how
to make a wonderful salad call it
tabbouleh this is a Mediterranean salad
that could be eaten in the afternoon
late afternoon for dinner as a side dish
whatever you like it's a light salad and
it's very refreshing now the main
ingredients of the salad are parsley
tomatoes green onions and lemon juice
the sale is pretty easy to put together
I use got a pay attention to higher
chopping it and don't hurt yourself
first we're going to begin with the
tomatoes now I've already diced up about
two tomatoes now this salad that I'm
showing you the ingredients serve
between four five six people depending
on how much you really like it um this
is a disturbing I'm showing you our four
four people so already diced up two
tomatoes you can use two two and a half
three tomatoes depending on your liking
with the parsley and the onions you can
do those a day or two ahead and just you
know keep them sealed real tight in the
refrigerator and then when you're ready
just you know chop up the tomatoes and
then put the sale together we're going
to start with the tomatoes put them in a
bowl and then did right here next we're
going to do is the onion again I've
already chopped up you want about five
or six um long green onions or shallots
green onions have a more robust flavor
so it's good for the sale since
everything in salads pretty mild except
for the lemon juice and the onions are
very chop them up I'm going to show you
how to chop this up just put these
onions over the other ones
just add these onions to your Tomatoes
next and the most important ingredient
of salad is parsley now again depending
on how many people are going to be
eating this I put and depending on the
size of the Parsee because sometimes you
get a little bun sometimes you get a big
bunch you want about four cups of
parsley you know a cup per person now
after the coarse chop and I want to add
this onion to the rest of the salad this
is going to be great there's so many
flavors in this it's such a light salad
everybody's going to enjoy it
what about three three sprigs of fresh
mint now you've added your freshman to
the rest of the salad and next thing why
I do is an ingredient that you can find
a lot of gourmet stores and a lot of the
general grocery stores carry it now it's
called burgle spelled be you are GU now
the dry was about 1/4 cup and when you
rinse it and I just let it sit for about
15 minutes it turns into about half a
cup so what I want to do is add this to
the rest of your salad get it very
healthy then what you're going to do is
add some dried mint dried mint can be
found in all of your seizing Isles at
the grocery store you want to add about
a teaspoon of driving also again
according to your liking some people
like a lot of salt some people don't you
want to add about 1/2 teaspoon to a
teaspoon of salt depending on you know
what you like now I've already squeezed
about 2 and 1/2 lemons I have another
1/2 lemon here add it to the rest of
your salad you want to use extra virgin
olive oil they have the most taste from
the olives when it's first pressed you
want to add about 1/2 cup of olive oil
now I usually eyeball it
but some people like to measure exact
amounts I'm going to eyeball it about
1/2 cup give it a good taste
keeps the salad fresh and it goes well
with the lemon juice give it a good mix
make sure all the ingredients are
combined now another thing you can do
after you finish mixing all the
ingredients together some people like to
add a little bit of kick to it
you can add about 1/2 teaspoon to a
teaspoon to as much as you like some
cayenne pepper now along with the dried
mint you can find this in your seasoning
aisle at your grocery store I'm adding
about 1/2 a teaspoon here and then give
it a good mix next I'm going to show you
how to serve it what I have here is on
1/4 of iceberg lettuce there's those you
don't want to use a small they really
don't hold much stuff these with the
tabbouleh and you can serve it you know
if you're serving individual plates you
can put this in a plate very healthy
ingredients not that expensive you can
get them most of them at your local
grocery store it's a great dish to serve
and impress your friends with so try it
out and have a great time and tune in
again for the next dish at DD's my
training kitchen
you